hi everybody so we have an awesome
product that we're gonna review today
it's the pixi by petra brow powder
palette so what makes this one special a
color of the packaging it's kind of cool
packaging is pretty cool there's so many
shades in here look at this so cool so
the whole point is obviously not
everyone has the same colored eyebrows
and they are saying that you can mix
matte shades to mix-and-match and
customize for your perfect brow which is
kind of cool because sometimes I feel
like they're my eyeballs can be doing
too dark or too light and it doesn't
look good so I like the fact that I can
customize this and my issue always is
like if I am decided I my hair darker
I'm gonna go lighter I have to get new
eyebrow products and it's like money
this way it's like okay I'm blonde
during out let me go a little lighter
I'm brunette now you have this color it
comes with a little brush and this is
actually supposed to be like a
highlighter so very exciting and it's
from Target they sell it at Target Tour
J for the fence of people out there
we're fancy and they sell it for $12 a
target which is very Albany you're
getting in your palette yeah it's
basically two dollars I had to count it
to basically two bucks for each pal each
little area you're ready to test it out
yeah alright so I think I'm gonna go
with this color I am gonna do
mixture of these three colors
never realized how dark I am
now yours look good I want to use it for
you I need to do pencil first and then
fill in with about yeah powder okay so
we're gonna mention the pros and the
cons for this product I think it looks
really good on you it gives you a really
natural brow look but for me I have
really thin eyebrows and I definitely
cannot get away with just doing a brow
powder I need a pencil to like line the
bottom and the top and then I can fill
in my bald spots with the powder so if
you're super than eyebrows you're gonna
need an extra pencil yeah you always use
pencil I always use pencil um this was
actually a really good for me it looks
good on you it really natural no
different than Anasazi Awana that I use
the only problem was when I was trying
to get it it was getting really powdery
and like falling on my nose yeah I don't
like that so one way to fix that is to
do your eyebrows first and then you
you'll be able to clean off the residue
but I do like the fact that you can
personalize the colors because I
actually didn't realize you know how
much darker I needed to go I started
with this color and then I realized I'm
more this color yeah like I drew out my
line like the base of it with this color
then and then I filled it in with this
color
yeah blended it and then my under eyes I
did with highlighter I actually like the
highlighter the highlighter is really
good yeah but it yeah for you
I need pencil first yeah cuz my initial
reaction when I saw you I was like oh
yeah I mean it's the nature of having
super thin eyebrows um yeah mine is not
not
mine isn't thin it's just I have a lot
of bald spots and powders are always the
best for me liners really good yeah yay
okay so this name was pixi by petra not
sure if you guys have heard of it we saw
all that target yeah we signed up target
and it's their brow powder palettes and
all these fancy colors hope you guys
enjoyed this we'll see you guys next
time bye thanks for watching guys if you
haven't already subscribed to our
channel please do so by clicking here
and check out this review we did on NYX
wonder stick highlighting contour